Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, kids, Mr. He was hurt, make yourself
comfortable because the material that I
bring you today will leave us indifferent like
none of the videos that we're
making, breaking down this docudrama,
breaking down this documentary that is more than
a documentary it's an interview
turned into a movie and I've said this
many times as a movie as a movie it
's [ __ ] great, let's see it has its
plot flaws, not in real life
but like movies that want to get
inside you, there's no empathy with the
character, the music adds to it, which one doesn't and
all that stuff is very good. The
material that I bring you today of course
is not exclusive it is material that has been
broadcast on Telecinco itself, which is what happens, it has been broadcast on
Telecinco itself at a very key moment
before this whole story begins, but it has
gone very unnoticed because
because it is a
four-hour live program, not one in which, well in
which people forget, there is no other
program, there is a Monday to
Friday program in fact until people
watch it again and the documentary went
viral and  repercussion from the moment it
aired but what happened
in the days before
during the broadcast the days before
the program sálvame program from which
antonio david was fired for being erased
or in other words for nothing for the testimony of
his ex-partner valuables he was not fired for
having a conviction or for having been
sentenced by a judge nothing he was
fired for the [ __ ] face for posturing
for telecinco that I bring you today
telecinco hitting himself in the mouth
and looking very bad before starting to
show all the material of course
remind you that this well this although it has
finished what the side of his series
seems to be that it has only just
begun it
seems that we have many topics
many hours of content and above all
a lot of time still to be talking
about this so of course subscribe
to my channel if you don't want to lose or any
video many ladies ask me
okay subscribe it's totally free you
have my channel aviol and beira that is
there below you have a little button that says
subscribe I want everyone to
give it or rather it's literally in look at my
statistics and I have  proven that
only half of the people who watch
my videos are subscribed the
people who can miss an
important video no some information and it
is very important that you have all the
information also from the hands of
youtubers like for example me
juanjo nooo or albert because if not you have to
trust telecinco bad by so
well subscribe to my main channel
hub and oliveira and I also have a
secondary channel called javi el canijo
okay where I upload other
well I upload extracts live where I
am also commenting on the subject if you do not
want to miss anything
subscribe but I have another
novelty today today I come with a gift today I
come with a gift for you that you are
going to love we have designed an
application for mobile this is
incredible okay this is very innovative
we have designed a mobile application
totally free okay compatible with
all android phones and with all
android tablets with everything that is
android you can also go into the
computer it will soon be out for them in case you
have an iphone and with this
application it will be within the portal me
chavalería puntocom which is neither more nor
less among other things than a  forum
where you can spend all day breathing
fire from your fingertips
gossiping and catching up because there are
many things the best thing that I
can miss you put them out there in the
forum within the forum you have the
gossip section fake youtube politics and the
rosito issue of course okay so they
don't complicate things too much I'll leave the link in
the description where you just click on it
and the download is totally
free in this video I'm going to expose
once again the cynicism of the
production company la fábrica de la tele in
expelling antonio david from his job
when he has no sentence or I know it's
that they really had no reason
to fire him in fact they
should have left him on set which would have
given us a little bit of substance
seeing how he responds to the
accusations and the things that
his ex-partner is saying but no suddenly
irene montero came to the fore the
feminists and the allies and the
popular mob made
their complaints a trend the next day
because it makes a lot of noise I have to say
that as much as  They want to sell you on
Telecinco that the majority of the audience
is believing Rocío's testimony
and they don't question it at all. You go on
Twitter, you go on Facebook and you go
on YouTube. Come on, it's a very small
percentage of people who believe it,
but Telecinco is doing very well, it's not
doing very well, the 12 months 12 causes,
although later it contradicts itself and it's spitting
up, no, because tomorrow
the spit falls down on them and it's going to happen, it's going to
happen when Antonio
David returns. I am Antonio David and I don't
do it on that channel or at least on that
production company. I've already said it many times,
as we've heard throughout
this week. The documentary hasn't been
recorded all of a sudden. The documentary has been
getting worse for approximately a year, or at
least that's what things say.
March 16th was when they announced that it was
coming to light. Okay, they announced its
premiere with the trailer the same day that they
showed the trailer to the
collaborators and to Antonio David himself,
but one detail  what few people have realized is
that this trailer is published on
March 16 of this 2021 and that is a
Tuesday we are talking about a Tuesday and
Antonio David is not fired from
work until Monday,
meaning they went almost a week without
firing him from work already knowing all the
good content which in fact they
knew the content for almost a year
no but what is even more cynical is that
after putting it and that shows you more
that he does not care about
gender violence and that they are not
firing him because they think he is some
abuser and that he has no place on the
plate but they are firing him because of the
pressure from the popular mob and by
those who have gotten involved and as I have already
said here there is a lot of politics behind it which
is very surprising because
apart from the fact that they announce it on a Tuesday and
Antonio David is not fired until
Monday afternoon after the broadcast
of the first two episodes,
every week they continue to count on
Antonio David he goes to work the day they
show him the trailer the same Tuesday he
goes to work on Wednesday which during
the 4 hours almost the entire is about an
interview with Antonio David with his reaction
waiting for the documentary and on Thursday and
Friday he is not going to work because according to him he
is with Father's Day and he is also
busy with the issue of lawyers and so on and on
Monday according to him the reason is not as they have
said Telecinco at three
twenty-five in the afternoon he receives a
call in which they are summoned without
specifying the reason for not going to
work that day and assuring him that they would
look at the calendar to warn him for
the next days of that same
week an hour
then Antonio David finds out live
with the word of Carlota Corredera that they are
no longer counting on him we are
talking about something very twisted and very
cynical I don't know if you realize the
seriousness of the matter or rather they know
the content of the documentary in fact
when Jorge
Javier is interviewing him on Wednesday the 17th he claims to have already seen some episode of the documentary I think that Carlota Corredera also saw a preview or something like that but above all they mention on many occasions agents of the production company caught present in  the
recording and has also seen the
documentary either know the content or
know what Rocío Carrasco is going to tell and
even so they had Rocío Flores the
survivor with her father defending her
on set they made polis de luz
olga moreno and antonio david
also went to sálvame de luxe as
protagonists they hoped to secure
olga moreno as a contestant on
survivors which would
also have to be valued to see if the cache that she negotiated
was the corresponding one because of course I
understand that after all this move
having the survivor
have a cache surely greater but
well we will not know that
antonio david until the day they announce
the trailer keeps saying that
he plans to be the one who goes to the set to
defend his wife
in survivors
well no in principle who is going to defend
her is going to be me and this which is one of the
things that gives me goosebumps the most is
that just a week
before announcing and putting the trailer
of the documentary precisely and very coincidentally on
March 8th, women's day
They give Antonio David a cake for his
birthday with a picture of Antonio
David how generous the
TV factory is. We're not talking about this
knowing that in a week
the trailer is going to be broadcast, which they already know the
content. This is very strong and then,
in addition, by broadcasting the trailer it took them a
week to decide to fire him from work. The
broadcast on that special Tuesday,
March 16th, in which they put him on at the last minute at
8 o'clock, well, almost giving way to the
Telecinco news. The
Antonio Abilita trailer is shameful, I mean, it's
completely shameful. If you watch the
full program, which you can see on
the Telecinco website, go to
March 16th and see Sálvame, Salva
Limón, Sálvame, and Sálvame Tomato. You can
see how there is whispering, not how there is a
look, as if between them, they already know what is
brewing, all unrelated to Antonio
Davis, all unrelated to the knowledge of Antonio
David, Antonio Abilita, I think he doesn't even
suspect anything. Basically, you're going to see
next.  how they were making fun of
him behind his back and if I tell you that there were
people who knew Cantona Dhabi already
had a few days left on set in the
job he was doing yes it
seems there were people who while
he was sitting there not knowing what the
future held for him there were people who
knew he had a few days left there is the
context of these scenes that you are going to see
in a while before the trailer and they take to
set well I think it is the woman from the
black nexus it is not very relevant
simply that this woman at a
specific moment confronts Antonio Davis
because apparently Antonio David would have
spoken about her would have given some
opinions some information pay close
attention to what this woman begins to
tell Antonio David
since the direction stops them totally do not
increase again friend I am
telling you because you are not the one who pays
elections nor of good parents nor of
good people and of a good husband that is
at least because I have this
lady Lely Cespedes I think her name is says to
have in her possession a testimony that is
going to bring him ruin and the end
Antonio David less  highlighted but
right now they are not going to take you out because
you are not going to be in the shadow that there is
something that she has very dirty I think
that the attitude of her colleagues here
is not to highlight emphasize what
this lady has said and also to test
Antonio Davino as if to say hey don't
answer they don't say anything I am you I tell him to take it
out since that is what he has that is
not worth it
and if he starts telling them you have very
few days before
if you start counting you have very few
days left
start counting what a coincidence what a
coincidence that a little while before and a
week before Antonio David they
expose him so they do not do this escrache
not this movement me as a sister I do believe you
no sister I am with you to the
death no your word in the word of
God your word is the absolute truth
sister I do believe you to the death with you
what a coincidence that just a week
before this lady lets her tongue go and
says if we start counting you have
few band-aids left on this plate how does the
name Cristina Galés sound since she
told you that you were an abuser operated on
this Cristina de la  that they are talking we have
already talked and we have mentioned
her on several occasions in the
playlist that I have which by the way
to those of you who have arrived new or to those who
have arrived in the last few
weeks I recommend that you go to the
playlist that I have on my
channel with all the videos that I have made
dismantling the documentary okay if you don't
miss the state detail Christina that we
have already mentioned in other videos has
played a pretty ridiculous role within
what the testimony that she has given
within all of them
one thing that calls my attention about
this Christina is there makes me doubt
her testimony and what she may
have today she has put her account on lock
curiously okay but three days ago she
uploaded a video to her twitter thank goodness
at least I took a screenshot
this video was her joking three
days ago with an impressive joke okay
some friend was recording her and she hit him
with the car as if it were the press that
stops her Cristina please a
statement in it no no no the press
no the press has not been seriously you
take a case in which supposedly you
you have recordings that would prove that it
was true that this case of abuse
occurred or not so seriously doing
a parody how funny no how he
makes you famous and how the press stops by
the street
freddy is coming for you
[Music]
close the door 5 or 6 take the crucifix
7 8 you
never value
not
with friends like acid favors you
who needs enemies be look in
what a bad place leaves all the testimony of
rociíto this lady this that is a
joke but if I think that
this is passed by the program itself
if this was live tell me how they have
fit in putting the music at the
same time that this lady put on this
spectacle people surfing the
networks that you know that on the internet
nothing disappears have found this
repulsive tweet from state cristina
cárdenas and look at how
contemptuously she refers to the son of rocio
carrasco I am not going to reproduce the word
read it you I have tried to check if
the tweet was real and the truth is that I
cannot see it because she has blocked me and
right now she has the account on lock
but yes  that I found the tweets that are
supposed to be in response to this, I've already taken
care of it,
if not please,
here Antonio, I see the attitude of
a person who has nothing to
hide because in fact, the good stuff gets
a little into Kiko Hernandez's game and
starts asking him for explanations, let him
tell it, don't throw the stone now and
hide your hand
[Applause]
Rocio Carrasco lived in Badalona and she
was there
I realize when she starts getting into
the subject Lidia Lozano cuts her off cuts her off
so she shuts up let's leave it
[Applause]
[Music]
Here comes the director to tell them to
shut up and change the subject
this feeling is expected of me because they can't
talk about the subject, I mean, if the woman
has made an accusation she has let it slip she has
left something in there because you can't
ask her to clarify it, I mean, it doesn't make
any sense, no, it wouldn't make any
sense if they didn't know what they were
talking about and if they didn't know what she
was referring to with that she has
a few days left they wouldn't have to cut what they
never in  save me when they start to
ally themselves with an issue it's here we
never start to tell them to shut up like
this in the next few days you'll
find out this would be very strong because
really if they already had thoughts no or
more or less they were planning if to fire him
from work not fire him from work they
should have warned in advance
should have given him a few days or at
least I think that in the workplaces
that way they can't fire you from
one day to the next or the same day tell you
not to go or you don't know that also
always thought about it or in other words they had it they
were gestating it what they would have done
very slyly
put up with him there for that week to
get the most out of him and then
criminalize him tell me now if
this little act before putting the
trailer antonio david having
put it on almost all the collaborators let's
see if this little act tell me
if this little act is serious if this
little act is taking the mistreatment the
supposed mistreatment of a woman not
feminism the law of gender violence
seriously we say to have if these serious ones
blindfold them  they take it out of the plate
they are there hitting him not doing
anything so he doesn't see behind behind
the bandage or laughing the councilor
takes him away she takes him by the arm they don't do it
laughing between jokes it is not in the
seriousness that you have 12 months 12
causes
this is how involved you are and that is why you
have asked for it not because
you take other things too seriously pathetic
when they show him the trailer for the
documentary Antonio David almost
closing the program in fact they show him
the trailer they recreate a little bit in his
reaction it is not done in a
close-up there but a very
close-up of his face and they stick there for like six or
seven minutes without speaking in silence with
music focused
to see how he reacts yes it is true
that I have to say that I do not think
Antonella Vi's reaction was very appropriate
but I understand it because at that moment
is when I imagine that she would ask him super
super out of surprise she was in shock she did not
know how to react well and say the
right words and the first thing she does
is ask  how much the anp does or not
if he sees it a little it is necessary because
after 25 years having been
living in fact, to talk to us and to be
a collaborator and a character, not also
a television character who has been
telling his life, he is not the least indicated
to ask how much he has charged, he
can charge what they want to
give him, yes it is true that it is not correct
but I understand him in that state, in that
moment of shock,
I am the one who, no, no, I do not believe that that man
when he got up in the morning
imagined what was going to come to him now we
will continue talking about the issue of money
because this does not end here but this
has a lot, this has a lot of substance and a
long way to go, not because there were many
people who have criticized him, not because of
all the health crown or all the
money in all the interviews and every
exclusive, finished, how bad
money is, there are times when progressives think that it seems to
them that they are burning them or
money seems to hurt them,
especially the money of others, but one of
the things that most calls
Antonio David's attention when he sees the trailer is to
remember that before that they have seen
almost everything  his partner and none of them has
done it not even a gesture or a look
at everyone they hide it perfectly in
such a way that he doesn't even suspect
that what is coming to him that the whole
act this has been putting on all
afternoon was related to affecting
his family congratulate my colleagues
because none of them has given me a
look that I could intuit that
the thing and there are matters of my family
well of this congratulations
obviously in an ironic way is not so
much from David I don't know if you have
noticed I hope you have realized in
these days that almost all your colleagues
have betrayed or rather there are no
friends or colleagues or colleagues or anything or
rather there was no empathy whatsoever I
understand that some of them do not
understand anything goes I mean it is very wrong to
generalize yes it is true that there are
some that despite the fact that it has cost them
arguments and almost their job they have
remained firm and whether they like it or not they have not
supported this paraphernalia but there is
a large part of colleagues who are
betrayed when I saw the program
of that day Tuesday
of March I was amazed at how some of those who
are criticizing it that  they are
condemning him and insulting him to
this day and campaigning
against him they are there on
the set having a good time with him with loving words don't be so betrayed Antonio had maintained principle none have not had a beginning in any or rather
once you come back see neck but see
neck and don't have consideration for
any and well the next day
Wednesday March 17 almost the entire
program well 90 percent of the program
is Javier interviewing Antonio David
with the collaborators then
intervening asking him questions and
so on and given they are already a bit
positioned some of them especially
the presenter who says he has seen
some episodes but despite
leaning badly towards Rocío Carrasco he says
several things that really catch my
attention
Antonio David emphasizes that
Rocío has done this for money to
which Jorge Javier replies that this is
not done for money to see I I think
one thing that by the way
Antonio David also says that day I did
not know why I had not seen that program
until now and that is that this in
the  result apart from what she has
charged the result of not having had
what she wanted through legal means and
doing it through the media but apart from that there is
also money or so let's see it is
not known I do not know if the
amount that she has charged has been confirmed it is said that it is
between 2 and 3 million euros I do not know if it
will be true but I am sure that it will be
a huge amount and also as they
also mentioned this day it came out in the
press that rociíto apparently has
a debt with the treasury that could be
close to a million euros no this is
done for money valuable and there is nothing
wrong with it I am not criticizing that she does it
for money I want to make that clear I
believe that all those who go on television
and all those who get involved to comment and
all the money is done for money or so
if you simply want the
truth to be known it is done in another format
okay for example I have lived through a case or
more than one case in which I have been
defamed in the press not in which I have been
defamed in various
media outlets and the day that this is
resolved that is judicialized
I am going to want
the media to echo it yes  I'm doing
well and the truth is coming to light.
I'm going to want all the newspapers to
speak out again, but this time
to prove me right and to demonstrate the
truth. And this with anything that
happens to me, I mean, I'm not denying that I'm on
YouTube earning money. It's the job, it's not like it
is what it is, but in that
sense, if something had been said about
me or if there's something pending about me that
people might think badly of me or that there's
a part of the population and the
audience that has a
wrong concept of me, I'm going to want them to
echo it and I'm not going to ask
the newspapers for money or if they want to
put them on TV. No, I'm not going to ask them for
money because I'm interested in it being known. So
in this case, Rocío Carrasco,
if she hadn't wanted to earn money, she
could have done it in many
different formats. She could have done a
live interview. There could have been
events, but obviously there's
also a profit and an interest in profit.
Also, obviously, they want to
sell us now, Jorge Javier and Carlota, whatever they
want to sell us and they don't have it, and
David's saints also hug her for
the plates these 25 years for money.  but the thing is,
the
legal problem, what seems hypocritical to me
is,
listen, you had more motivations,
like your image, your testimony, your
version, so as not to come out on top, let them
believe whatever you want, but also for money.
If it hadn't been for money, you
go to a newspaper that pays you less, or
you go to a night at Sálvame de Luxe, or you
simply call the program and I would have
answered every single thing that's been said
about you, and one thing here that I
put my hand on my chest
at one point in the interview when
Jorge Javier has the nerve to
say that they probably paid him,
but they probably paid him very little, but no matter how
much Radio
Carrasco paid him, which I don't know the figures, it
's not a figure because it
's unthinkable that at the moment on
television they pay
something close to that million
euros for an interview, so you can lower your debt, so it's
true that they want us to
believe, now that Rocío
charged 50 euros per episode or something.  in a
serious way, hey I'm freaking out, I
've done it, surely
the girl branded her a sandwich and the
suit must have been given to her, right? And the
bottom line is not that he didn't get paid much, but
that Jorge Javier, like me, thinks it's
fine that people get paid for their
work, it's that this is often criticized. I
wasn't sitting down, how much money did they
pay you? Let's go down there, dad, dad, dad.
In fact, in the documentary itself,
this man is criticized for having
profited by telling his life story. In the end, what are
you going to criticize? But let's see if
the network is generating content
that is entertaining millions of
viewers and they are paying for
advertising. He has to get paid, it's not his
job. So now he
agrees with the same thing I'm
saying. Let's accept it, charging
because he is 100% doing work and
because this network, let's not forget, is going to
broadcast several chapters on the entire
network, it is going to make much more than what it
charges me, that is, the network is going
to broadcast it, it has in fact broadcast for
two more months the interviews that have
filled all the Sálvame programs
and  of almost all the programming
obviously she has to get paid
too
and it seems to me that the jobs for
me are fundamental work paid
work done the work paid work
paid we agree I think that
then we all agree not the
problem the problem is that the same day
the same Wednesday a little while later
Jorge Javier asks Antonio David
if he thinks that someone from the
Mohedano family is going to take advantage of this to go on
TV to answer and earn money and
now there was now does it seem wrong seriously
look Antonia do you think that some member
of the family is going to use this to
earn money with yourself I don't know what
the others will do me I do of
course
[Music]
look what I'm telling you that this is
better Javier laughing and making
fun of himself because they look pretty
during the whole program he's going to take them out I
can put them all because
here it would be to put a 4 hour program
but I'm laughing I do two
readings one of them of course is to
laugh at him no how to call him
profiteering no how bad it is that he charges
money that he charges Rosito it's fine
but that  I charge for it is wrong but it
also crosses my mind that he
could be laughing at Cantona David
saying that when he answers to earn
money because because really Jorge
Javier may know something about what
awaited Antonella Bino and that he is
laughing as if to say official truth what
you are going to earn there is no need for me to
explain to you in this video again as
we have already talked about in all the
previous videos of the position that the
network has once the documentary begins to air
no not the entire network
as such but the production company of the
television factory in fact they have had a
conflict with the production company of Ana Rosa
because in Ana Rosa's program it
was being objective neutral
questioning things that were
questionable highlighting
contradictions and things that could be
lies listen to
Jorge Javier's words this Wednesday
March 17th of course people will also
see you will
hear her empathize with a stick to
mark
was considered neither God Rocío Carrasco
nor God nor in the words of God no he also does not
have the absolute truth
[ __ ] Jorge listens to you  Carlota Corredera
saying this and expels you from the plate or
expels you God goes to her they will vibrate
with her testimony and to others who
will leave them cold that is what I want to
tell you that I am not here to point you out
you are the bad one and the other the good one and you
want you to be clear
if we go to the plate
I think that sometimes you forget I
am not here to impose who is the
good one and who is the bad one
or not
[Music]
the affection with which the companions have
treated the news and it seems that they have
liked it and that is lucky here in
the was well liked here Olga was very well liked
because she had won it an
unknown
nothing Carlota told me that she was in the
I am not nervous the one who has to be
in the like this
is responding to that Carlota has
asked him if he was nervous I do not know
what he would think of you calling me suspicious
but I could have asked him
if he is nervous this is a few minutes
before they put the trailer on okay
Tuesday with a double meaning acting
like the one who is asking about
the participation of now the
survivor but  going with a double
meaning making fun of him with
people who already know what's going on you don't draw
your own conclusions so you
tell me what you think no these
are days before the broadcast of the
documentary we're talking about
almost a year or so they say they have been
recording the documentary the whole team
knowing what Rocío Carrasco had said
that I don't know if at that
moment while they were listening to
Rocío Carrasco they didn't believe her and Montero and
Laura Fa had to come and come
so they would believe her more and decide to
expel Antonio David but during all
that time they have had him on the set of
'survivors' they have had the JCE on the
set of survivors they have had them
on Sálvame they have made Paul and Gener
Sálvame de Luxe they have brought Olga
Sálvame they have also made sure that
survivors would return
by giving away cakes a week before for
her birthday and once the
trailer was announced the presenter himself having seen
several episodes or one
episode or some have kept it
for  a week they threw him out because of the
pressure and to look good in front of the
disgusting popular mob with lacrosse to
popular mob and then they have no qualms about
doing such regrettable things on the same set where they were
presenting the documentary
as they agree for
posterity the obligatory photo
Rocío with the presenter and
collaborators and then the whole team it
's the 250 you know Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel to leave
[Applause] I do
n't know if you've seen that okay I'll
repeat it again
the whole team is applauding her
while everyone is shouting she has no con she
has no con that expression apart from
the vulgarity that it has and the ordinary
that it seems to me is an expression that well it
wouldn't be an explicit threat but it
means and it refers to when
she is recounting that it is that she feels like
leaving for another woman no and she
in the middle like that
they measured in the middle we were throwing like that
wide she in the middle super proud that the
whole team the whole team is
there applauding she doesn't have or doesn't have the co
to go bald with this I'm really
telling you and nothing until  Here's today's video,
surely new information will come out in the next few days.
We have
an interview planned for my channel next
week with Diego Arrabal, nothing will fail,
so well, we'll be on the lookout.
Juan Hus will be with me, so nothing,
subscribe, as I always say,
please, your support is very important. It's
very important that if you like these
videos, you give them a thumbs up, and it's very important
that you subscribe so you don't miss
anything. I
'll be reading the comments.